Add documentation page for Vega Visualizations (#6711)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/management/multi-data-sources.md

To create a new data source connection:

1. From the OpenSearch Dashboards main menu, select **Dashboards Management** > **Data sources** > **Create data source connection**.

> 2. Add the required information to each field to configure **Connection Details** and **Authentication Method**.

Reviewer: Should "the" precede **Connection Details**?

    - Under **Connection Details**, enter a title and endpoint URL. For this tutorial, use the URL `http://localhost:5601/app/management/opensearch-dashboards/dataSources`. Entering a description is optional.

    - Under **Authentication Method**, select an authentication method from the dropdown list. Once an authentication method is selected, the applicable fields for that method appear. You can then enter the required details. The authentication method options are:
      - **No authentication**: No authentication is used to connect to the data source.
      - **Username & Password**: A basic username and password are used to connect to the data source.
      - **AWS SigV4**: An AWS Signature Version 4 authenticating request is used to connect to the data source. AWS Signature Version 4 requires an access key and a secret key.

>             - For AWS Signature Version 4 authentication, first specify the **Region**. Next, select the OpenSearch service in the **Service Name** list. The options are **Amazon OpenSearch Service** and **Amazon OpenSearch Serverless**. Last, enter the **Access Key** and **Secret Key** for authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - For AWS Signature Version 4 authentication, first specify the **Region**. Next, select the OpenSearch service from the **Service Name** list. The options are **Amazon OpenSearch Service** and **Amazon OpenSearch Serverless**. Last, enter the **Access Key** and **Secret Key** for authorization.
```

### Selecting multiple data sources through the Dev Tools console

> Alternatively, you can select multiple data sources through the [Dev Tools]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/dev-tools/index-dev/) console. This option provides for working with a broader range of data and gaining deeper insight into your code and applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can select multiple data sources through the [Dev Tools]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/dev-tools/index-dev/) console. This option allows you to work with a broader range of data and gaining a deeper understanding of your code and applications.
```

Author: Would `gain` be used here instead of `gaining`?

> Alternatively, you can select multiple data sources through the [Dev Tools]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/dev-tools/index-dev/) console. This option allows you to work with a broader range of data and _**gain**_ a deeper understanding of your code and applications.

This feature has some limitations:

* The multiple data sources feature is supported for index-pattern-based visualizations only.

> * The visualization types Time Series Visual Builder (TSVB) and timeline are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Time Series Visual Builder (TSVB) and timeline visualization types are not supported.
```
